[SYNTH-12979] Document the use of proxy (#1384)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/synthetics/README.md

### Use a proxy

You can configure a proxy to be used for outgoing connections to Datadog. To do this, use the `proxy` key of the global configuration file or the `HTTPS_PROXY` environment variable.

> ⚠️**Note**: This is the only exception where the the global configuration file takes precedence over the environment variable. There is no option to set this through the CLI.

Reviewer: I'd say, let's remove the ⚠️ character for now, I'm not sure how it'll render in the documentation page.
Also, removing a double `the`.
```suggestion
**Note**: This is the only exception where the global configuration file takes precedence over the environment variable. There is no option to set this through the CLI.
```

> ⚠️**Note:** This is the only exception where the the global configuration file takes precedence over environment variable and there is no option to set this through the CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
⚠️**Note**: This is the only exception where the the global configuration file takes precedence over the environment variable. There is no option to set this through the CLI.
```

As the [`proxy-agent` library][2] is used to configure the proxy, the supported protocols include `http`, `https`, `socks`, `socks4`, `socks4a`, `socks5`, `socks5h`, `pac+data`, `pac+file`, `pac+ftp`, `pac+http`, and `pac+https`. The `proxy` key of the global configuration file is passed to a new `proxy-agent` instance, which means the same configuration for the library is supported.

> To be able to use a proxy you'll first need to set the CA certificate so datadog-ci can trust your proxy. You can do this by setting the `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS` environment variable to the path of your CA certificate. Otherwise, you might get a `unable to verify the first certificate` error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use a proxy, you need to first set the CA certificate so datadog-ci trusts your proxy. You can do this by setting the `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS` environment variable to the path of your CA certificate. Otherwise, you might get a `unable to verify the first certificate` error.
```

```bash
export NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS=/path/to/your-ca-cert.pem
```

> When using the Global Config `host` and `port` keys are mandatory arguments and the `protocol` key defaults to `http` if not defined.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using the global configuration, `host` and `port` keys are mandatory arguments and the `protocol` key defaults to `http` if not defined.
```

    "host": "127.0.0.1",
    "port": 3128,
    "protocol": "http"
  },
  ...
}
```

> The format used for the `HTTPS_PROXY` environment variable is `<protocol>://<username>:<password>@<host>:<port>`, as described by the [proxy-from-env][13] library that [`proxy-agent` library][2] uses for parsing env variables .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The format used for the `HTTPS_PROXY` environment variable is `<protocol>://<username>:<password>@<host>:<port>`, as described by the [proxy-from-env][13] library that [`proxy-agent` library][2] uses for parsing env variables.
```

> The `HTTPS_PROXY` variable is used instead of the `HTTP_PROXY` one, because the Datadog API uses the HTTPS protocol.

Author: Not sure if this sentence is not too much information 🤔

Example:

```bash
export HTTPS_PROXY=http://login:pwd@127.0.0.1:3128
```

> In case you want to confirm that the proxy is being used, you can set the `DEBUG` environment variable to `proxy-agent` like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to confirm that a proxy is being used, you can set the `DEBUG` environment variable to `proxy-agent` like this:
```

npm run datadog-ci-synthetics
```

> ⚠️**Note**: If you are launching your tests with a custom global configuration file, append the command associated to your `datadog-ci-synthetics` script with `--config <PATH_TO_GLOBAL_CONFIG_FILE>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you are launching your tests with a custom global configuration file, append the command associated to your `datadog-ci-synthetics` script with `--config <PATH_TO_GLOBAL_CONFIG_FILE>`.
```

yarn datadog-ci synthetics run-tests -f ./component-1/**/*.synthetics.json -f ./component-2/**/*.synthetics.json
```

> ⚠️**Note**: If you are launching your tests with a custom global configuration file, append your command with `--config <PATH_TO_GLOBAL_CONFIG_FILE>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you are launching your tests with a custom global configuration file, append your command with `--config <PATH_TO_GLOBAL_CONFIG_FILE>`.
```
